One of many competitive advantages the new information system can bring to the company is greater market share, by providing differentiated services. Reducing wait times for customers contacting a Relationship Manager (RM) and increasing the accuracy of RMs correctly matching to customers, current and potential consumers would deviate towards this company, instead of others. By capitalising on the unique feature of relationship marketing via phone, this company can reach successful milestones in the future such as, company expansions and greater profits. However, if the project fails there is the risk of losing both potential and repeat clients. The standout feature in this company is their call management centre (CMC), which can allocate RMs to customers, based on their travel needs and purchase history. If the key component of the new system fails, it would cause frustration amongst customers and decrease a RMs selling streak. Eventually, the longevity of the company will be compromised.

The new information system will also encourage the company to achieve economies of scales in the long run, by serving the maximum number of customers, with the lowest production costs. Pain points such as as long wait times between RM and customer allocations, and the outbound call process of RMs contacting customers, is leading to loss of productivity and profits. Improving the efficiency of the system by reducing wait times to a maximum of two minutes, will ensure customers have minimal interaction with the Interactive Voice Response unit, which research has proven, ‘frustrates’ customers (Bitner, M.J., 2011, p.10), whilst maintaining productivity and sales. The efficient system will also reduce costs associated with electricity and specialised software and programs, as RMs will be aware of frequent travellers, who are responsive to outbound calls. Nevertheless, the failure of a new system can have detrimental impact on the company’s cost structures and overall profits. Economies of scales cannot be achieved, and the company will struggle to reach its potential.

Another advantage the new system would bring to the company, is greater shareholder interest and funding. A successful system would be able to generate increased profits for the company, resulting in support from shareholders, who will receive a greater dividend in return. Recognition from shareholders is vital for the company if it wants research and development to improve the current new system, in the future. By consistently updating the system, the company ensures they remain at the top the industry. However, if the new system breaks, there will be reduced shareholder interest and diminished certainty for the company, to regain the lost interest. Shareholders would be hesitant to reinvest in the company due to fear of loss, significantly impacting the company’s available funds. 
