● Include a reflection (text) that also describes any assumptions you made that was not made explicit in the assignment description. Include your use of POV statements to develop How Might We (HMW) statements.
● Create a backlog. This needs to be prioritized.
● The backlog is created and this needs to be managed using issues in Github i.e., issues are progressively “closed” as the project gets done. The commit that closes each issue should be clearly stated.
● Meaningful commits from every student each week. Interleaving of commits is expected.
● Commits should identify when this part of the report was added to or modified in the markdown file.


How Might We Statements:
1.How might we find a way to book with customers?
2. How might we improve the operation of the the CMC?
3. How might we improve the skills of the relationship managers to serve customers effectively and efficiently?
4. How might we improve the packages available to customers?
5. How might we improve the way the relationship managers are matched with the customers?
6. How might we improve the customers' likelihood score to purchase a product/package?
7. How might we improve the operation during busy times?
8. How might we improve the RM matching technique further?
9. How might we improve the way we approach the customers?
10. How might we improve the operation during times of low levels of customers?

Point of View Statement:
=contains user, need and insight
=contains how might we statement

1. User: A customer 
   Need: needs to know what package will suit them
   Insight: in order to purchase and go to their dream destination.
   
2. User: Relationship Manager
   Need: needs to get as much customers to buy the package
   Insight: in order for the skill score in the matrix to increase

3. User: Customer
   Need: want to informed about the package
   Insight: so that i can make the right decision when purchasing 
   
4. User: Customer
   Need: I want to be able to know about the most timely package to my destination 
   Insight: so that i can save travel time
   
5. User: Customer
   Need: I want to know about the most cost effective package to my destination
   Insight: so that I can spend wisely when purchasing a package 
   
6. User:Customer
   Need:I want to book a holiday
   Insight: so that I can travel abroad
   
7. User: Customer
   Need:I want to quickly contact a RM
   Insight:so that I can save my time.
   
8. User:RM
   Need: I want to provide correct and timely information to the customer
   Insight:so that I can sell a package 
   
9. User: Customer
   Need:I want to talk to a knowledgeable RM 
   Insight:so that I can have my queries answered. 
