Who are we empathizing with?: 
-The person is the understand => the customer
-Situation: wanting to purchase a travel package
-Role: Receiver? => they get the package from the relationship manager

What do they need to do? What do they do?
-they don’t know anything but they are curious to know what packages and costs are required from them
- They will question and extract more information to increase understanding/ knowledge

What do they see? / What do they do?
Say & Do:
calling for best package
"Hi. I'm looking to go here. What is the best package for me?"
I saw this package. Is it available?
Why 
See:
RM: answering call, have script and guidelines to cater to customers, have customer details from database, entering details to make a booking

What do they hear?
Hear:
"Would you like to be interested in this travel package?"
"What dates are you looking to travel?"
"This package would be perfect for you as it meets your requirements."
"Sorry a RM is not available right now" <---When the CMC is busy--->

What do they Think & Feel:
Frustration when CMC is busy and the customer has to talk on IVR
convenience for CMC
great customer service
highly skilled RM
Appreciative that RM is knowledgeable
I want to be served now- annoyed

=> Pains:
Package I want is not available
have to call for package
The RM doesn't make the sale with the customer
the package is already sold out
CMC is not answering so I have to hang up the phone

=> Gains:
RM knows what type of package I like
I get the package I want for a good price -> worth my money
receive confirmation email
All flights and hotels are sorted ;)

Point of View Statement:
=contains user, need and insight
=contains how might we statement

1. User: A customer 
   Need: needs to know what package will suit them
   Insight: in order to purchase and go to their dream destination.
   
2. User: Relationship Manager
   Need: needs to get as much customers to buy the package
   Insight: in order for the skill score in the matrix to increase




